unit one at the travel agent good
morning sir how can I help you well I
have some time off from work next month
and I was thinking of going to Australia
hey that sounds great
how long is your vacation just one week
my last day of work is the 26th of July
and I go back on the 5th of August okay
here's our Sydney for sure have a look
and see if there's a hotel that you like
oh this one is good
the first seasons hotel it's expensive
but I've been told it's very nice yes
it's a very high-class hotel I'm sure
you'll enjoy your stay there would you
like me to make the booking now sir yes
please I just need to take some personal
information what's your full name Martin
Andrew white in your address 11 sides
are in a car Kong signed Bangkok and
your telephone number zero two six two
four nine seven three four do you have a
date I'm number I can call if necessary
zero two seven seven seven one two one
two
that's fine will you be travelling alone
mr. white yep just me okay you finish
work on Friday the 26
so shall I try to book your flight for
the next day yes please
add a return flight on Saturday the 3rd
of August I'll just check the
availability there are seats available
on this Qantas Airways flight but there
is a three-hour stopover in Singapore
it's the direct flight that I can take
yes
Malaysian Airways that flight departs of
seven o'clock on Saturday morning and it
arrives at Sydney at 6:30 p.m. local
time that sounds better but it's a
little longer than I thought well it's
an eight hour long flight don't forget
the time difference
all the times given our local times oh
yes that's right
they're three hours ahead aren't they
can I have the details of the return
flight that's light departs at 6 p.m.
and that drives in Bangkok at 11:15 on
that same night shall I reserve a seat
for you yes please
now let's reserve a room for you at the
Four Seasons do you want a single or a
double room Oh a single room will be
fine things will it have a view of the
harbor oh yes all rooms have harbor
views they have a room available shall I
make the confirmation yeah go ahead
okay so now you have a room available at
the Four Seasons from Saturday the 27th
of July until Saturday the 3rd of August
that's great can I pay by credit card no
problem
so it is 62,000 BOTS including your
flight here's my card when will I be
able to collect my ticket it should be
ready in a couple of days I can call you
at work if you like thanks very much
unit two at the airport good morning sir
can I see your ticket and Passport
certainly there you are thank you okay
and how many suitcases will you be
checking in just one suitcase did you
pack your bags yourself yes I did okay
do you have any electrical goods I have
an electric shaver in my hand luggage is
that okay that's fine is there nothing
in your suitcase you know okay
do you like a window or aisle see a
window seat please okay
[Applause]
in this one moment and this is your seat
number and the departure gate you can go
straight through to the departure lounge
enjoy your flight what time will we be
boarding we begin boarding at 7 okay
thank you would you like a newspaper to
read ma'am
no thank you would you like a newspaper
to read sir sir sir
Oh would you like a newspaper to read
sir
yeah I'll take the Daily Mail there you
go sir thank you it'll help take my mind
off things I always have a little
nervous before flying oh well try not to
worry too much you know air flight is
the safest form of travel I know I'm
sure I'll be better after we take off
you know we have some slight
entertainment for you too you'll find
the film guide in the pocket in front of
you our in-flight magazine oh good a
nice film will help me to relax programs
will start shortly after takeoff if
there's anything I can get for you then
please just call for assistance when
will dinner be served in about an hour
or so we have a fish steak and the
vegetarian option which one would you
like fish please okay I'll be back later
now please just try to relax and enjoy
the flight
sir have you seen the catalog for our
in-flight shop this one that's it
would you like to order any duty-free
Goods yes please can I pay by credit
card yes all major credit cards are
accepted but purchases must not exceed
five hundred US dollars okay
I'd like this bottle of scotch whiskey
please at $34 right that would be one
bottle of Johnnie Walker malt whiskey is
there anything else you'd like sir yes
I'd like these titanium sunglasses yes
they are priced at $145 will that be all
sir yes that's everything Thanks
the total bill comes to a hundred
seventy nine US dollars can I have your
credit card please oh sure
here you go thank you sir please wait
while I collect you duty-free Goods
thank you
evening sir Matthew a passport and
immigration card please sure hey you why
do you have anything to declare no I
just have these duty-free items that I
bought on the plane mm-hmm that's okay
welcome to Australia is this your first
trip here no I came here on business a
few years ago but I couldn't stay long
are you here on business or pleasure
this time purely pleasure this time good
are you planning on traveling around
during your stay well I've only got a
week so I'm planning on staying in
Sydney yes Australia is a big place you
will need a week to see it all maybe
next time
this time I'm going to try to see all
the tourist areas of Sydney good I hope
you enjoy your stay thank you unit 3
asking for assistance
[Music]
excuse me um I've just arrived here and
I've been waiting at the baggage
carousel for my suitcase I think it's
lost okay sir don't worry about it I'm
sure we can find it what flight were you
on flight number M a 201 from Bangkok
yes your bag should be on carousel eight
oh this is where I've been waiting and
it's not here
what does your bag look like can you
give me a description it's green does it
have your name on it yes I wrote my name
on the label it's Martin Andrew white
I'll just make a quick call to see if I
can find it
hello central yes code 17 Martin Andrew
white yes sir your bag is being held by
customs you can pick it up there is
there a problem
I'm sure it's nothing to worry about
they will explain it to you at the
customs Hall just follow this corridor
on your left okay thanks for your help
you're welcome excuse me my suitcase is
missing and I was told I could collect
it here can you identify which bag is
yours yes it's this green one here what
is your name my name is Martin Andrew
white
okay this is your bag yes of course is
there a problem officer it's just that a
sniffer dog has smelt something in your
bag I'm afraid I'll have to ask you to
open it for me yes of course you're
welcome to have a look this is what a
sniffer dog found I'm afraid you're
carrying a packet of biscuits and the
packet is split I forgot about those
they must have been broken during the
flight well I can't see anything else so
you're free to go thank you goodbye
goodbye you're welcome
excuse me I'm trying to get to the city
centre where do I catch the bus oh you
can catch the bus just right outside you
go through the exit doors take a left
the bus stop should be right in front of
you okay thank you
where are you going I'm staying at the
Four Seasons Hotel
oh that's near the Harbor isn't it yes
it is Wow
in that case you'll want to get a number
63 it's a blue bus and at least from a
bus station number two oh okay well
thank you for your help
you're welcome I hope you enjoy your
visit good day good day
Unit four at the hotel
[Music]
good evening third thing I'd like to
check in please certainly sir
do you have a reservation yes it's in
the name of Martin Andrew white that's
right you've booked a room with a view
of the harbor can you please sign your
name in the registration book here is
your key card you are in room number one
zero zero four it's on the 30th floor
you'll have a great view of the harbor
from there Thanks where can I get
something to eat our restaurant is
located on the third floor dinner is
served
from 7:00 great what time is breakfast
served in the morning breakfast is
served between 6:00 and 10:00 thank you
for your help
you're very welcome sir on this call a
bellboy to show you to your room I hope
you enjoy your stay is there anything
interesting to see nearby yes the hotel
is in an area called the rocks
it's the oldest part of the city there
are many cafes and restaurants nearby
are there any shops in the area there
are a few small craft shops and we have
a warning market every Saturday and
Sunday the morning market sounds
interesting
are there many stalls yes it's very big
you can buy souvenirs handicrafts
jewelry clothes it's very good where are
the others shops most of the shops are
up in the city centre it's a short walk
away and the harbour is nearby too isn't
it
that's right you'll have a good view of
it from your bedroom window unit 5 at
the restaurant
[Music]
hello sir are you dining alone
yes table for one please smoking or
non-smoking non-smoking please I have a
table for you please follow me would you
like a drink with your meal sir can I
see the wine this please I can recommend
the house rid it's a dry wine from the
Hunter Valley here in New South Wales
okay I'll have a bottle of the house red
please
certainly sir here is tonight's menu a
waitress will be a few short late to
take her order okay thank you here's the
wine that you ordered sir
would you like to let it breathe for a
little while or shall I pour it now I
have a glass now please
are you ready for me to take your order
yes I'll have the t-bone steak please
how would you like it cooked medium-rare
okay that is served with seasonal
vegetables and your choice of jacket
potato or chips jacket potato please I
haven't had a jacket potato in a long
time okay that's one t-bone steak
medium-rare with seasonal vegetables and
a jacket potato yes thank you
was everything okay sir yes that was
delicious
thank you would you like some dessert
we have cheese and biscuits fresh apple
pie and chocolate eclairs I guess I'll
have a chocolate eclair please can they
get you anything else yes I'd like a
cafe latte please
I'll bring it to you in a moment
could I have the bill please certainly
I'll get it for you would you like to
pay now or shall I charge it to your
room I'd rather pay now please I will be
back with the bill okay so you had a
t-bone steak a bottle of the house red a
chocolate eclair and a cup of coffee
that will be 36 74 is service included
yes that includes tax and ten percent
service charge here's $40 you can keep
the change thank you very much thank you
goodbye goodbye unit six at the bar
[Music]
excuse me can I order a drink please
sure what can I get for you I'd like a
beer
what locally-produced beers are there
well we have VB Victoria's bitter which
is made in Victoria the southern state
and we have toys which is produced here
in New South Wales I'll have a choice
please Chuy's would you like a glass or
middy what's a MIDI it's just a larger
glass I have a mini then please there
you go
thank you hi can I join you for a drink
yes please do my name is Tony and yours
I'm Martin pleased to meet you are you
here for business or for pleasure
business I'm here with a colleague of
mine we have a conference tomorrow will
you have any time for sightseeing a
little but we come here quite often so
I've seen many of these tourist
attractions already yeah
I've come here on business before too
but I didn't stay very long and I had no
time for sightseeing this time I'm only
here for a holiday oh well you should
enjoy it I hope so when did you arrive
early this afternoon in you I've only
just arrived myself are you planning on
staying long
oh I'm here for a week how about you
just a couple of nights oh that's too
bad
and it must be very tiring for you a
little but I'm used to it are you
traveling alone yes unfortunately my
girlfriend has work commitments so she
couldn't make it
well just try and stay out of trouble
well that would be no fun at all so do
you normally go shopping while you're
over here
I try to avoid it I do not enjoy
shopping I will have to buy some
souvenirs for my kids though what are
the best souvenirs to buy in Australia
well Australia is well known for its
wildlife there are a lot of things with
kangaroos and koalas on them hmm
anything else Aboriginal arts is really
good there are lots of things with every
gional arts decorated on them hmm yeah
I'll look out for that then of course
there is the famous didgeridoo
oh oh the aboriginal musical instrument
have you ever played it before
yes it's harder than it looks well I'll
have to try it while I'm here
good luck well I'm afraid I have to go
to bed now I should too I have work in
the morning thanks for the company hope
to see you again maybe have a good
night's sleep and enjoy your sightseeing
tomorrow thank you I will good night
good night unit 7
using different kinds of services good
morning room service how can I help you
good morning I'd like to order some
breakfast please certainly what would
you like sir what cereals do you have
well we have cornflakes
we have muesli weet-bix and all brand
I'll have a bowl of cornflakes please
would you like anything else sir yes I'd
like to poached eggs on toast please
okay that's a one bowl of cornflakes and
two poached eggs on toast would you like
a drink with your breakfast yes can I
have a cup of coffee and some orange
juice please
sure it will be sent to you in 15
minutes the bill will be charged to your
room
thank you good bye good bye good morning
sir how can I help you
I'd like to exchange some currency is
there a bank nearby I'm afraid they're
all closed on Sundays yes I forgot that
it's Sunday we do have a cashier service
available here though what currency
would you like to change I'd like to
change Thai Baht into Australian dollars
sure our exchange rate is twenty two
point six two baht to the dollar and our
Commission fee is two percent okay I'd
like to change 10,000 baht please fine
that's four hundred and forty two
dollars and eight cents minus eight
dollars and 84 cents Commission okay
I'd like to send some postcards to my
friends where can i buy postcards and
stamps the hotel shop has a good
selection of postcards and you can buy
your stamps there too okay
how will I know what stamps to buy the
shop assistant will have a chart she'll
let you know what stamps to buy okay is
there a post box nearby we can do that
for you here sir there is a post box at
the end of the reception desk great
wonderful
one more thing it's my first day of
sightseeing here can you suggest
anywhere that I should go first
well the hotel has a concierge his desk
is over there by the door he will be
able to give you advice on tourist
attractions and even make tour bookings
for you oh okay well I'll go see him now
thanks again bye goodbye unit 8
concierge
ah and wonder if you can help me I will
certainly try what can I do for you well
it's my first day here in Sydney and I
would like some advice on the local
tourist spots we offer a wide range of
Tours have a look at these leaflets and
see if there's anything you like
what's the wildlife part like oh it's
very good if you don't have time to go
and see the wildlife in its natural
habitat you should try it what animals
do they have their own let's see now
they have kangaroos koalas and possums
wombats and emus
there's a lot I like wildlife so that's
one place that I should visit the
leaflet says that that place is a Koala
Sanctuary - yes the New South Wales has
a lot of bushfires in the summer yes I
remember reading about one in the
newspaper not very long ago yeah a lot
of koalas are made homeless when the
forest is burned down the sanctuary
rehomed them well it's nice to know that
the money goes to a good cause obviously
it's not just koalas a lot of other
animals are either killed or injured -
in the fires okay this is another place
on my list of places to visit there is a
bus that goes there every morning at
9:00 a.m. would you like me to book a
place for you yes I'll go tomorrow will
the bus pick me up from the hotel yes
just wait at reception and they will
call you are there many things to see
closer to the hotel yes here is a map of
the area it is yours to keep
thank you I'd like to take a walk around
where should I start
well the hotel is located
right near a boat key right around the
corner is the weekend market it is open
right now you could start there oh yes
thank you I will and after that what
across from the boat key is the Opera
House you could take a tour of the
complex hmm that sounds good too what
shows they're on at the moment well here
is a leaflet containing all the
performances this month you can check
for availability of seats at the booking
office whilst you're there thank you
very much for all your help I better go
now
before the market closes no problem sir
I'm at this desk every day should you
need any other advice good bye and have
a great day unit 9 sightseeing
[Music]
how much are these t-shirts the adult
sizes are $10 each and the children's
sizes are $6 I could buy some for my
niece and nephews I can give you a
discount three shirts for $15 okay okay
that sounds like a good bargain what
sizes do you want well my niece is eight
years old and the twins are five what
designs do you want well my niece would
love this koala t-shirt but I'm not sure
about the boys yeah maybe the kangaroos
what colors would you like okay I'll
have an orange koala t-shirt and a blue
and a red kangaroo t-shirt that will be
$15 $15 here you are thank you thank you
hey I'm interested in seeing a ballet
performance oh well we have Mirror
Mirror showing at the moment it's a
performance based on the story of Snow
White
that sounds good can you tell me this
show times yes let's see we have evening
performances at 7:00 during the week and
on weekends we have a matinee that
begins at 4:00 do you have any seats
available for an evening this week and
this week let me check yes what day
would you like to stay please okay and
would you like to sit in the stalls or
the balcony the balcony please okay
that's one ticket for Tuesday's
performance of Mirror Mirror you have a
seat in the balcony
see if I can get you as close to the
front as possible okay that's $78 okay
and here's your ticket I hope you're
enjoying the show Thanks oh can you tell
me the way to the art museum yes just go
out the door take a right go around the
Botanical Gardens and you should see the
Art Museum right in front of you okay
thanks I hope I didn't get lost don't
worry
there are signs along oi good I'll
probably need them
Thanks bye bye unit 10 stopping a
passerby
[Music]
excuse me I think I'm lost
can you help me sure where do you want
to go well I'm trying to get back to my
hotel I'm staying at the Four Seasons do
you know it yes I do
you're quite a long way away I thought I
might be you'll have to walk back to the
center of the city I could direct you
but it's complicated
maybe I better catch a taxi I think that
might be a good idea you can get one at
the end of the road okay thanks for your
help
goodbye goodbye good evening sir
welcome back thank you did you have a
good day yes thank you
I went to the market the Opera House and
the art museum I did get lost on my way
back though oh dear
I'm sure you'll soon find your bearings
well I think that's enough for one day
I'm gonna go have some dinner and go to
my room okay have a good night sleep
thank you I plan to a lot more to see
tomorrow hi there this is Mary from the
IPS TV today we're going to sturdy a
means of transport and today we're going
to study about private transportation
okay now there are five guys today I
want to introduce to you the first one
is car
this one is car right the second one
truck or lorry this is the truck Honore
number three we have motor bike or
motorcycle motorbike a motorcycle and
number four we have bike or bicycle this
is the bike or bicycle